Create resource schema definition (#15)
do3-2021/kudo: docs/proposals/workload.md

# Workload schema

Example :

```json
{
    "name": "test-workload",
    "type": "container",
    "executable": "nginx",
    "ressources": {
        "cpu": 1,
        "ram": 2048,
        "disk": 2,
    },
    "ports": [
        "8080:80"
    ]
}
```
## name

**type :** string

Name of the workload, should be unique in the controller’s database.

## type

**type :** string

Type of the workload :

- `"container"`
- `"vm"`
- `"binary"`

## executable

**type :** string

<!-- maybe change name -->

The name of the container image , or an URI to the vm image or binary executable.

## ressources

**type :** object/struct

> Definition of the maximum (container, binary) or allocated (vm) ressources.

Reviewer: For now, we only define maximum to allocated ressources.

### ressources.cpu

**type :** TDB

> CPU power, unit is to be defined.

Reviewer: This ressource could be represended in milliCPU. this unit represents the maximum portion of the CPU that could be use as a 1/1000 of a CPU.

`1 milliCPU = 1/1000 of a CPU`.

Author: I’ve set it as a float, are you okay with that ?

Reviewer: No we concur to set all values in int to avoid casting and potential problems

# Workload schema

Example :

```json
{
    "kind" : "workload",
    "type": "container",
    "name": "test-workload",
    "uri": "nginx",
    "ressources": {
        "cpu": 1.0,
        "ram": 2048,
        "disk": 2,
    },
    "ports": [
        "8080:80"
    ],
    "environment": [
        "NODE_ENV=production"

>     ]

Reviewer 2: Just curious, why define a string list instead of a map where the key is the environment variable name and the value... its value?

Author: Puting everything in one string allows to use the Unix syntax `<key>=<value>` for environment variables whereas a map uses a less user-friendly notation `"<key>":"<value>" in JSON and `<key>: <value>` in YAML with the need to put a space between the : and the value.

}
```

## type

**type :** string

Type of the workload :

- `"container"`
- `"vm"`
- `"binary"`

## name

**type :** string

Name of the workload, should be unique in the controller’s database.

## uri

**type :** string

The name/uri of the container image , or an URI to the vm image or binary executable.

## ressources

**type :** object/struct

Definition of the maximum (container, binary) or allocated (vm) ressources.

### ressources.cpu

> **type :** float
> 
> CPU power, in number of cores allocated as a floating number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**type :** int

CPU power, in number of cores allocated as a integer.
```

@Roxxas96 Are we okay, on that ? We set the number of core instead of the ratio (milliCPU) ?

Author: Is it a multiple of milliCPU or a multiple of CPU cores ?

Reviewer 3: @NilsPonsard I think we all agreed on the `int` type. Every one put the cup resource in milliCPU (integer) rather than ratio (float)
